com/jensdriller/contentproviderhelper/ui/dialog/ProgressDialogFragment.java
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.ui.dialog.ProgressDialogFragment
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.ui.dialog.ProgressDialogFragment$Listener
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.ui.dialog.ProgressDialogFragment$SimpleListener
com/jensdriller/contentproviderhelper/task/DialogAsyncTask.java
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.task.DialogAsyncTask
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.task.DialogAsyncTask$ExceptionListener
com/jensdriller/contentproviderhelper/ui/activity/BaseActivity.java
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.ui.activity.BaseActivity
com/jensdriller/contentproviderhelper/task/LoadResultsTask.java
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.task.LoadResultsTask
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.task.LoadResultsTask$SQLParams
com/jensdriller/contentproviderhelper/model/ColumnData.java
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.model.ColumnData
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.model.ColumnData$1
com/jensdriller/contentproviderhelper/app/ContentProviderHelper.java
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.app.ContentProviderHelper
com/jensdriller/contentproviderhelper/model/ColumnList.java
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.model.ColumnList
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.model.ColumnList$1
com/jensdriller/contentproviderhelper/ui/dialog/DeleteProviderDialog.java
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.ui.dialog.DeleteProviderDialog
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.ui.dialog.DeleteProviderDialog$1
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.ui.dialog.DeleteProviderDialog$2
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.ui.dialog.DeleteProviderDialog$Contract
com/jensdriller/contentproviderhelper/ui/dialog/ContractDialogFragment.java
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.ui.dialog.ContractDialogFragment
com/jensdriller/contentproviderhelper/ui/activity/ResultActivity.java
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.ui.activity.ResultActivity
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.ui.activity.ResultActivity$1
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.ui.activity.ResultActivity$2
com/jensdriller/contentproviderhelper/ui/activity/ColumnsAdapter.java
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.ui.activity.ColumnsAdapter
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.ui.activity.ColumnsAdapter$1
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.ui.activity.ColumnsAdapter$ViewHolder
com/jensdriller/contentproviderhelper/BuildConfig.java
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.BuildConfig
com/jensdriller/contentproviderhelper/task/SearchProvidersTask.java
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.task.SearchProvidersTask
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.task.SearchProvidersTask$1
com/jensdriller/contentproviderhelper/model/Column.java
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.model.Column
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.model.Column$1
com/jensdriller/contentproviderhelper/ui/activity/MainActivity.java
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.ui.activity.MainActivity
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.ui.activity.MainActivity$1
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.ui.activity.MainActivity$2
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.ui.activity.MainActivity$2$1
de/k3b/android/util/ErrorHandler.java
 de.k3b.android.util.ErrorHandler
com/jensdriller/contentproviderhelper/db/Database.java
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.db.Database
com/jensdriller/contentproviderhelper/task/LoadColumnsTask.java
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.task.LoadColumnsTask
com/jensdriller/contentproviderhelper/model/Result.java
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.model.Result
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.model.Result$1
com/jensdriller/contentproviderhelper/ui/activity/PreferenceActivity.java
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.ui.activity.PreferenceActivity
com/jensdriller/contentproviderhelper/ui/dialog/AddProviderDialog.java
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.ui.dialog.AddProviderDialog
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.ui.dialog.AddProviderDialog$1
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.ui.dialog.AddProviderDialog$2
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.ui.dialog.AddProviderDialog$3
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.ui.dialog.AddProviderDialog$4
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.ui.dialog.AddProviderDialog$Contract
com/jensdriller/contentproviderhelper/ui/dialog/SearchProviderDialog.java
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.ui.dialog.SearchProviderDialog
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.ui.dialog.SearchProviderDialog$1
com/jensdriller/contentproviderhelper/ui/dialog/QueryWithFilterDialog.java
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.ui.dialog.QueryWithFilterDialog
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.ui.dialog.QueryWithFilterDialog$1
 com.jensdriller.contentproviderhelper.ui.dialog.QueryWithFilterDialog$2
